# CS-250

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Communication is essential when it comes to interpreting user needs and how you are expected to implement them into a program. Through in-person or virtual meetings, emails, or collaboration tools, consistent communication helps everyone on a team stay on the same page as far as what the expectations are for the product. During the intial client-team meeting, the Product Owner is expected to gather information on what the client is looking for with this product, and organize their wants and needs into user stories. User stories are cataloged into a product backlog for the development team to look at as a guide throughout the project. It describes the focus, or goal, of the sprint and shows what has been accomplished, what is being worked on, and what is yet to be completed. 

# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
Overall, using agile to develop programs has proven to be an effective development and design approach. As a result of this, there are many scrum-agile processes that I plan on incorportating into my future development work. One of these is the practice of timeboxing. I believe timeboxing helped me set a goal of when I want, or need, to complete a project, and compelled me to work towards completing it within that time. Another agile practice that will serve as a benefit if I incorporate it into my future work is the encouragement of change. In most programming projects, changes will be made and I will be forced to redirect my work to fit the new specifications. Expecting and even encouraging change will help ensure that I maintain a mindset that welcomes change without an apprehensive or adverse reaction. Lastly, the agile emphasis on communication and feedback is one that I would like to incorporate in the future. Feedback helps ensure that the project is meeting all of the expectations of the client, and communication is crucial in accomplishing that. Cross-communication between client, Scrum Master, Product Owner, developers, and testers guarantee that project requirements are known and understood by everyone. Feedback also allows me to improve my work through refactorization. Incorporating these agile processes will assure that I am using the most effective approach to my development work. 

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
A good team member in software development is one that shares their ideas, encourages others, and takes responsbility. Someone that shares their suggestions or concerns actively contributes to the decision making process. They help others know where they are at in their progress and give others the space to share their progress, too. The sharing of ideas helps lead to an innovative and progressive environment that leads to new high-quality and out-of-the-box solutions. A person who shares their accomplishments and set backs also encourages others to be vulnerable enough to share theirs, too. Encouraging others is an important aspect of agile, and it helps everyone work closely so that they can more effectively collaborate to get the work done. Lastly, while all teams should work together to create a deliverable, it is an individual's responsbility to produce quality, functional results. By taking responsibility for your own work, you can't pass down the blame to someone else, helping keep everyone on a team accountable. 
